Storybook: Add basic accent color guidance. (#76340)
WordPress/gutenberg: storybook/stories/tokens/color.mdx

This document outlines the default color set of the WordPress component system as it ships. The page is a work in progress. 

## Accent

> WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color` variable. If this variable are not found, then the components default to Blueberry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color` variable. If this variable is not found, then the components default to Blueberry:
```

> WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color` variable. If those variables are not found, then the components default to Blueberry:

Reviewer: Super nitty:

```suggestion
WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color` variable. If this variable are not found, then the components default to Blueberry:
```

> By default, WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color` variable in your own stylesheet. If you do not provide either of those variables, then the components default to Blueberry:

Reviewer 2: * Do we need 'By default'?
* "in your own stylesheet" is a little confusing to me.
* "If you do not provide either of those variables" may indirectly suggest the user _should_ provide them when it's not strictly necessary. I wonder if "If those variables are not found" might be a better way to frame it?

Author: Nice. Done!

> By default, WordPress components style accent colors using the `--wp-admin-theme-color`, or `--wp-components-color-accent` variables in your own stylesheet. If you do not provide either of those variables, then the components default to Blueberry:

Reviewer: I'm not sure we want to advertise `--wp-components-color-accent`, as it's meant to be a variable used only within the `@wordpress/components` package.

Author: Good note, addressed.
